at the University of Michigan and across
the US the student encampments are gone
casualties of University crackdowns and
aggressive policing as one University
after another has called in police to
dismantle the permanent protests against
Israel's war on Gaza students at
Michigan's largest university have found
a new way to carry on their campaign
student government leaders have cut off
$1.3 million held in a fund controlled
by them for activities ranging from
ballroom dancing to an ultimate frisbee
team and a laundry fund until Michigan
divests from Israel and its military
student body president alifa chowri and
her allies are leading the shut it down
movement we're withholding our labor and
our work and our and the things they
want us to do essentially and instead
are saying you want us to do all of
these things you want us to give out
funding listen to us first some students
say while the goal might be laudable the
tactic is not I understand that the
point they're making is important but at
the same time um there are a lot of orgs
that are struggling right now it's
fighting what the students really want
and really need that's funding student
organizations uh buses to the airport
during breaks as well as even funding
the student cupboard that gives students
free food for those in need the
university leaders who are cracking down
on student protesters are acting under
pressure from donors and republicans in
Congress who are investigating
allegations of anti-Semitism the fur
over protests is already cost the
presidents of Columbia the University of
Pennsylvania and Harvard their
jobs the University of Michigan has
responded aggressively persuading the
state's attorney general this week to
issue arrest warrants for 11 student
protesters now University administrators
say they will cover Student Activities
directly instead of through the fund
controlled by the student body so
student government leaders say they will
now go one step further using their
million dooll plus fund to pay for
scholar ships for Palestinian students
we can move forward with trying to
establish a fund for students in Gaza to
come here and to make reparations for
the fact that we are still materially
complicit in the genocide student
leaders say each time the university
cracks down on the protests they'll
respond in any way they can until their
tuition money no longer funds Israel's
attacks on Gaza John hendin Al jazer an
Arbor
Michigan make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from aler